Author has not already been done two years ago after suddenly found the Sports Rehabilitation Hospital
The mouth is still not completely clear from a major injury .
12550 The building that we share with our legs come on and keep the honey standing
I'm going to lift my leg.
Oh, give this attention leads there is the bitter failure
I struggled for two years because of this job is now almost came out
There are traces left.
5 It started as a 10-year-old steel and became the national representative of the junior high school.
It's the only happiness I've played three times in three consecutive years.
But enough to threaten the hip T Ji Eun-hee anti-life players suffered three years ago.
I have a place.
At that time, rather than thinking that hard
Always would be, stuffing something, because the examination of the sick and practicing what
And once again, we can not show off our family's skills.
After the fight I cry only over the forest
Uncle, I really want to quit and be happy and hope to be explained.
Because of the pain, there are many rare abandoned
But I can not rest. Oh .
I gave up everything I had to rest.
In addition, there should be inheritance related to university,
You do not have it every month.
Together and again
At that time, he - I will be a judge.
3 Lizzie is training on the ground because he advertised only one corner of the apartment .
I would like to play music for two hours a day for happiness. Iljin is here
I'm in trouble alone
U
Behind the seemingly beautiful moment, Behind the lonely training and nobody
I need time for the unknown.
When there is something strange or not,
I forgot how I started.
5 wires
Now that the pain has passed, I have my Tanghua Kyle and I like it.
Ah ah ah ah
I started my secret since I was 6 years old .
May the world as well as elementary gravity to sweep the gold medals in National Games
Grand Prix yet only 328 Artemisia Last Laugh in various competitions in the first three prices
style
But there are few things that need to be done to get there.
It 's stco.
That's why I'm plugging in my earphones and looking out the back.
As before ,
The team sits at the table facing the day with a cold station built by the parents, but the river is evil
They're assembling.
All trying to lose weight to increase the success rate
What would be correct on me now
Dont games Assassin comic exercise a little rust yesterday's consultation
Daddy 3 inside where you are
Addictive 5
Even if parents worry, the creator stays strong.
It looks like a junior high school student.
I did the opposite.
Dad, do not say that.
I went halfway, and I was forced to accept it.
You still have a hard time seeing this.
The day that the cages back Sublethal
Usually after the ring practice 2 times for two times
Sung by the time training camp practice makes it earned six hours a day
Oh, by filling in the gap of the last three years, you have to be fertile.
4 Exercises that are now just in the second half
But as time goes by, you'll get 40 on promotion .
U
Oh, increasingly higher voices value addition to labor exceedingly 8
The jump that has been done until now is also failing continuously.
Ah
you are a
Maneunji finally heard the harsh rebuke and called to coach
Well
home icon
Ji-eun gets taller due to his own disappointment.
Time passed by 10:30
Maybe attributable to a herd where otherwise tough practice
Oh, that's good.
What
Oo
You know it's all in the way.
On that day, Janghyuk Jiji is also training at night.
Looking at the link, I lightly bite myself.
Yes, there seems to be no tension ahead of the game.
He 's a bit of a portrait, he 'll see more.
I'm nervous too .
It's easy and necessary.
What is with that same spirit. So it's already sold're nervous with oxygen
You are.
And once you know that dog